README.md, before:

# ServiceTransformation v3.3.0

## Table of Contents
- [Release Notes](#release-notes)
- [Quickstart](#quickstart)
- [Links](#links)

## Documentation
- [Readme](README.md)
- [Building](./doc/BUILD.md)
- [Release Notes](./doc/RELEASE.md)
- [Running Services](./doc/RUNNING.md)
- [Testing Services](./doc/TESTING.md)
- [Support](./doc/SUPPORT.md)
---

## Release Notes

### v3.3.0 -- Auth0

- NOTES


[Previous Releases](./doc/RELEASE.md)

---

## Quickstart

### All in One

```shell
./gradlew build 
docker-compose build
./testRunner.sh start stop
```

### One at a time

1. Build Services
```shell
./gradlew build
```

2. Build Docker Images
```shell
docker-compose build
```
3. Validate images
```shell
docker images | grep "service"
```
4. Start containers (Optional)
Just a smoke test before you run the test suite
```shell
docker-compose up -d
docker-compose down
```
5. Run the test suite
```shell
./testRunner.sh start stop
```

## Links

NOTE: Environment must be up to reach these.

- [Eureka (Service Discovery)](#eureka)
- [OpenAPI](#openapi)
- [RabbitMQ (Messaging)](#rabbitmq)
- [Spring Actuator (HealthCheck)](#spring-actuator)

### Eureka

Credentials
```text
user:username
pass:password
```

- [Eureka Administration](http://localhost:8761/)
- [Eureka XML Manifest (Direct)](http://localhost:8761/eureka/apps)
- [Eureka XML Manifest (Gateway)](https://localhost:8443/eureka/api/apps)

### OpenAPI

- Product Composite API Documentation 
- [(Web) - https://localhost:8443/openapi/swagger-ui.html](http://localhost:8080/openapi/swagger-ui.html)
- [(JSON) - http://localhost:8080/openapi/v3/api-docs](http://localhost:8080/openapi/v3/api-docs)


### RabbitMQ

- [RabbigMQ Admin Portal](http://localhost:15672/)
  - [Overview](http://localhost:15672/#/)
  - [Connections](http://localhost:15672/#/connections)
  - [Channels](http://localhost:15672/#/channels)
  - [Exchanges](http://localhost:15672/#/exchanges)
  - [Queues and Streams](http://localhost:15672/#/queues)
  - [Admin](http://localhost:15672/#/users)

Credentials
```text
user:guest
pass:guest
```


### Spring Actuator

- [/actuator](http://localhost:8080/actuator)
  - [/actuator/beans](http://localhost:8080/actuator/beans)
  - [/actuator/bindings](http://localhost:8080/actuator/bindings)
  - [/actuator/caches](http://localhost:8080/actuator/caches) 
  - [/actuator/channels](http://localhost:8080/actuator/channels)
  - [/actuator/conditions](http://localhost:8080/actuator/conditions)
  - [/actuator/configprops](http://localhost:8080/actuator/configprops)
  - [/actuator/env](http://localhost:8080/actuator/env)
  - [/actuator/functions](http://localhost:8080/actuator/functions)
  - [/actuator/health](http://localhost:8080/actuator/health)
  - [/actuator/heapdump](http://localhost:8080/actuator/heapdump)
  - [/actuator/info](http://localhost:8080/actuator/info)
  - [/actuator/integrationgraph](http://localhost:8080/actuator/integrationgraph)
  - [/actuator/loggers](http://localhost:8080/actuator/loggers)
  - [/actuator/mappings](http://localhost:8080/actuator/mappings)
  - [/actuator/threaddump](http://localhost:8080/actuator/threaddump)
  - [/actuator/metrics](http://localhost:8080/actuator/metrics)
  - [/actuator/sbom](http://localhost:8080/actuator/sbom)
  - [/actuator/scheduledtasks](http://localhost:8080/actuator/scheduledtasks)


---

Commit message:

Remove outdated Docker and Kafka profiles
Deleted deprecated configurations for Docker and Kafka profiles across multiple services to simplify and align with centralized Spring Cloud Config setup. Updated testing scripts and documentation to incorporate Config Server integration, including support for encrypt/decrypt endpoints.

Integrate Spring Cloud Config Server into microservices.

Replaced static configuration with externalized configuration using Spring Cloud Config Server. Added new `config-server` module, updated service dependencies, and modified `application.yml` files to support centralized configuration. Updated docker-compose files to include credentials and environment variables for the config server.

Update release documentation for v3.3.0 and bump to v3.4.0

Added documentation for v3.3.0 Auth0 changes in RELEASE.md. Updated README.md to reflect the new v3.4.0 version and associated release notes.

README.md, after:

# ServiceTransformation v3.4.0

## Table of Contents
- [Release Notes](#release-notes)
- [Quickstart](#quickstart)
- [Links](#links)

## Documentation
- [Readme](README.md)
- [Building](./doc/BUILD.md)
- [Release Notes](./doc/RELEASE.md)
- [Running Services](./doc/RUNNING.md)
- [Testing Services](./doc/TESTING.md)
- [Support](./doc/SUPPORT.md)
---

## Release Notes

### v3.4.0 - Spring Cloud Configuration

- **Integrate Spring Cloud Config Server into microservices.**
  - Replaced static configuration with externalized configuration using Spring Cloud Config Server. Added new `config-server` module, updated service dependencies, and modified `application.yml` files to support centralized configuration. Updated docker-compose files to include credentials and environment variables for the config server.


- **Remove unused Docker/Kafka configurations and update tests**
  - Deleted outdated `docker` and `kafka` profile configs across services. Updated application and test configurations to align with refactored architecture, including integration of encrypt/decrypt endpoints. Updated documentation and test scripts to reflect these changes.

- **Update release documentation for v3.3.0 and bump to v3.4.0**
  - Added documentation for v3.3.0 Auth0 changes in RELEASE.md. Updated README.md to reflect the new v3.4.0 version and associated release notes.

[Previous Releases](./doc/RELEASE.md)

---

## Quickstart

### All in One

```shell
./gradlew build 
docker-compose build
./testRunner.sh start stop
```

### One at a time

1. Build Services
```shell
./gradlew build
```

2. Build Docker Images
```shell
docker-compose build
```
3. Validate images
```shell
docker images | grep "service"
```
4. Start containers (Optional)
Just a smoke test before you run the test suite
```shell
docker-compose up -d
docker-compose down
```
5. Run the test suite
```shell
./testRunner.sh start stop
```

## Links

NOTE: Environment must be up to reach these.

- [Eureka (Service Discovery)](#eureka)
- [OpenAPI](#openapi)
- [RabbitMQ (Messaging)](#rabbitmq)
- [Spring Actuator (HealthCheck)](#spring-actuator)

### Eureka

Credentials
```text
user:username
pass:password
```

- [Eureka Administration](http://localhost:8761/)
- [Eureka XML Manifest (Direct)](http://localhost:8761/eureka/apps)
- [Eureka XML Manifest (Gateway)](https://localhost:8443/eureka/api/apps)

### OpenAPI

- Product Composite API Documentation 
- [(Web) - https://localhost:8443/openapi/swagger-ui.html](http://localhost:8080/openapi/swagger-ui.html)
- [(JSON) - http://localhost:8080/openapi/v3/api-docs](http://localhost:8080/openapi/v3/api-docs)


### RabbitMQ

- [RabbigMQ Admin Portal](http://localhost:15672/)
  - [Overview](http://localhost:15672/#/)
  - [Connections](http://localhost:15672/#/connections)
  - [Channels](http://localhost:15672/#/channels)
  - [Exchanges](http://localhost:15672/#/exchanges)
  - [Queues and Streams](http://localhost:15672/#/queues)
  - [Admin](http://localhost:15672/#/users)

Credentials
```text
user:guest
pass:guest
```


### Spring Actuator

- [/actuator](http://localhost:8080/actuator)
  - [/actuator/beans](http://localhost:8080/actuator/beans)
  - [/actuator/bindings](http://localhost:8080/actuator/bindings)
  - [/actuator/caches](http://localhost:8080/actuator/caches) 
  - [/actuator/channels](http://localhost:8080/actuator/channels)
  - [/actuator/conditions](http://localhost:8080/actuator/conditions)
  - [/actuator/configprops](http://localhost:8080/actuator/configprops)
  - [/actuator/env](http://localhost:8080/actuator/env)
  - [/actuator/functions](http://localhost:8080/actuator/functions)
  - [/actuator/health](http://localhost:8080/actuator/health)
  - [/actuator/heapdump](http://localhost:8080/actuator/heapdump)
  - [/actuator/info](http://localhost:8080/actuator/info)
  - [/actuator/integrationgraph](http://localhost:8080/actuator/integrationgraph)
  - [/actuator/loggers](http://localhost:8080/actuator/loggers)
  - [/actuator/mappings](http://localhost:8080/actuator/mappings)
  - [/actuator/threaddump](http://localhost:8080/actuator/threaddump)
  - [/actuator/metrics](http://localhost:8080/actuator/metrics)
  - [/actuator/sbom](http://localhost:8080/actuator/sbom)
  - [/actuator/scheduledtasks](http://localhost:8080/actuator/scheduledtasks)


---
